The girl who supported me through the lows of life
It turned out to be Lin Zhixiong's daughter
It's really good luck
Mr. Gu, you are drinking too much
Don't worry about me.
What's up?
Do you remember how I got that bracelet?
I remember you said
It was given to you by a girl you met when you were a child
That Girl?
What is Lin Nian?
Lin Nian
It's ridiculous
I actually regarded the daughter of my enemy as redemption
Mr. Gu, what happened to Miss Li?
After the fifth sister Lin woke up in the morning
Just lie in bed without saying a word
I told him to eat and he didn't eat
When I went to see him in my room just now
And he fainted.
I can't wake up no matter how I call
Fang Qun, Mr. Gu
The car is ready to make a wish
Thinking too much will affect your health
He is not absorbing well now.
Breaking down is a decision sooner or later and
And what?
His body can't stand the tossing
The economy still doesn't trust him